By using SQL Toolz you give your express agreement to the
below copyright, license and disclaimer notice.

SQL Toolz is not "public domain" software.

SQL Toolz is distributed as "freeware", whose meaning is
that although no charge is made for this present version,
sole and exclusive copyright and ownership of SQL Toolz is
retained by the author, Larry W. Stavinoha.

Larry W. Stavinoha grants you, without charge, the right to
reproduce, distribute and use this version of SQL Toolz on
the express condition that you do not receive any payment,
commercial benefit or other consideration for any such act,
other than a nominal media charge, and that the wording of
this copyright notice and disclaimer is not changed in any
way within the documentation, software or other media.

Larry W. Stavinoha grants you, without charge, the right to
use the code contained within this software for educational
or commercial purposes.  Larry W. Stavinoha grants you,
without charge, the right to create derivative works based
on SQL Toolz, as long as credit is given to the original
author and as long as the name of the derivative is not SQL Toolz.

You also acknowledge that SQL Toolz remains the
intellectual property of Larry W. Stavinoha.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL LARRY W. STAVINOHA
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF LARRY W. STAVINOHA
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES
OCCURRING. LARRY W. STAVINOHA SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY
LOSS, DAMAGES OR COSTS, ARISING OUT OF, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
LOST PROFITS OR REVENUE, LOSS OF USE OF THE SOFTWARE, LOSS
OF DATA OR EQUIPMENT, THE COSTS OF RECOVERING SOFTWARE, DATA
OR EQUIPMENT, THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SOFTWARE, DATA OR
EQUIPMENT OR CLAIMS BY THIRD PARTIES, OR OTHER SIMILAR
COSTS.

The rights to modify SQL Toolz or employ its component parts
in any other work are exclusively retained by Larry W.
Stavinoha. You may not reverse-engineer, disassemble,
modify, decompile or create derivative works of this
product. You also acknowledge that SQL Toolz remains the
intellectual property of Larry W. Stavinoha.
